



Skill Point - Arknights Terra Wiki


































	

		

			
				
			
		
			
			    
			    Indie game deals
			
	

	
		

		    
		    
		            
Create account
		            
Log in
		    
		    
		

		

			
			Toggle personal tools menu

			

				

				    
				    
				            
Not logged in
				            
Talk
				            
Contributions
				            
Create account
				            
Log in
				    
				    
				
			
		










	

		
Navigation menu
		

			

				


	

		Namespaces
	
	

		
		
			
			
Page
Discussion
		
		
	


				


	
	
		English
	
	

		
		
			
			
		
		
	


			
			

				


	

		Views
	
	

		
		
			
			
Read
Edit
View history
		
		
	


				


	
	
		More
	
	

		
		
			
			
		
		
	


				


	

		

			

				
					

						

							

								
							
						
					
						Search
					
					
				
			
		
	


			
		
		


	

		
	
	


	

		Navigation
	
	

		
		
			
			
Main page
Recent changes
Random page
About the wiki
Help about MediaWiki
Wiki Discord
		
		
	


	


	

		Arknights
	
	

		
		
			
			
Operators
Operations
Enemies
Events
Items
RIIC
Headhunting
Recruitment
		
		
	




	

		Game modes
	
	

		
		
			
			
Contingency Contract
Integrated Strategies
Stationary Security Service
Trials for Navigator
Reclamation Algorithm
Icebreaker Games
Vector Breakthrough
Duel Channel
		
		
	




	

		Miscellaneous
	
	

		
		
			
			
Outfits
Furniture
Character voices
Illustrators
Soundtracks
		
		
	




	

		Guides
	
	

		
		
			
			
User interface
Team building
Advanced strategies
Missions
Path to Glory
Store
Headhunting
Recruitment
		
		
	




	

		Lore
	
	

		
		
			
			
Terra
Characters
Factions
Races
Originium
Stories
Timeline
Terra Historicus
		
		
	




	

		Real-world
	
	

		
		
			
			
Hypergryph
Yostar
Ambience Synesthesia
		
		
	




	

		Community
	
	

		
		
			
			
Administrators
Policies and guidelines
		
		
	




	

		Tools
	
	

		
		
			
			
What links here
Related changes
New page
Special pages
Printable version
Page information
Database data
		
		
	


	


	
	

		
        



		

			
				
				


[dismiss]



The Arknights Terra Wiki is a collaborative, community-maintained wiki. If you notice an issue, please consider making an edit, starting a discussion on the article's talk page, or reaching out via the Arknights Terra Wiki Discord.

				

				
				
Skill Point
				

					
From Arknights Terra Wiki
					

					

					
					

					Jump to navigation
					Jump to search
					



  

The information for SilverAsh's Truesilver Slash skill. The number next to the white chevron (circled in red) denotes the skill's initial SP, while the number next to the green lightning bolt denotes the skill's SP cost. "Auto Recovery" denotes that the skill uses automatic SP recovery.

Skill Points (SP) are a numerical value which represents the charging progress of a skill.

Skills can only be activated when its SP is equal to the SP cost, with most having a certain amount of initial SP when the unit is deployed.




Contents


1 Overview

2 Restoration

3 Modifiers


3.1 Recovery

3.2 Initial SP



4 SP lockout

5 Trivia

6 Navigation




Overview[edit]

Units recover SP in three different ways, with each recovering 1 SP in every instance.


Automatic Recovery: Recovers SP every second.

Offensive Recovery: Recovers SP each time the unit attacks (including healing for Medics).

Defensive Recovery: Recovers SP each time the unit is attacked, even if the attack is dodged or resisted.

SP can also be restored through various means, denoted by blue "x SP" visible on each instance with x denoting the amount of SP restored; see the Restoration section below for details.

Skills that can be Overcharged (known as "Charged" in-game) can recover/restore additional SP after being charged, up to twice the SP cost (e.g. a skill that costs 30 SP needs to have a total of 60 SP to be Overcharged) and have additional effects if activated in this state.

Duelist Defenders can neither recover nor restore SP while they are not blocking enemies, but their Operator Modules mitigate this to varying degrees:


The HES-X Module reduces the Duelist's SP recovery and restoration rate by 80% while they are not blocking enemies.

The HES-Y Module allows the Duelist to restore SP while not blocking enemies.

Necrosis's burst effect on friendly units cause the victim to lose 1 SP every second (unless the skill is already active).

Certain Challenge Modes or Adverse Environments, operation or enemy mechanics, and Contingency Contract modifiers impose a handicap to automatic (and only automatic) SP recovery, which could be flat (e.g. -0.2 SP/sec.) or percentage-based (e.g. -50%), as well as increasing the SP cost of skills, the former of which can actually be counteracted by modifiers.


Restoration[edit]

Many Operators have the ability to restore their own SP and that of other friendly units, but aside from three specific cases listed in the table below, those will not be listed here due to their numbers.


With the CCR-Y Module, Core Casters restore 1 SP whenever they damage an elite or boss enemy.

With the DEA-Y Module, Deadeye Snipers restore 1 SP whenever they attacks so long as it would not defeat/destroy the target.

Portable Supply Stations restore 3 SP every 4 seconds to the friendly unit ahead of it, which stacks if a single friendly is supported by multiple Supply Stations.

Friendly "Gelato Stops" restore 1 SP every 2 seconds to friendly units within its area-of-effect, but does not stack if a single friendly is in the AoE of multiple Stops.

Certain Collectibles in Integrated Strategies, notably Royal Liqueur, causes friendly units with an Offensive or Defensive Recovery skill to periodically restore 1 SP. Some also causes friendly units to restore SP under specific conditions.








Operator

Source

Information















Landen Tactics



Snipers with an Offensive Recovery skill (including Archetto herself) periodically restore SP while Archetto is deployed.

Elite 1: 1 SP every 3 seconds

Elite 2: 1 SP every 2.5 seconds

MAR-X Stage 2: 1 SP every 2.3 seconds

MAR-Y Stage 3: 1 SP every 2.2 seconds

If Archetto's MAR-X Operator Module is upgraded, Landen Tactics' interval is further reduced for Archetto herself if there is another Sniper deployed.

Stage 2: 1 SP every 2 seconds

Stage 3: 1 SP every 1.8 seconds















Sword and Shield



Friendly units with a Defensive Recovery skill (including Blemishine herself if she uses  Deterring Radiance or  Divine Avatar) restore 1 SP whenever they attack while Blemishine is deployed.

If Blemishine's GUA-Y Module is upgraded, she also restores SP whenever another Kazimierz Operator is deployed.

Stage 2: 2 SP

Stage 3: 3 SP















Scolding



Friendly units with an Offensive/Defensive Recovery skill periodically restores SP while Ch'en is deployed.

Elite 1: 1 SP every 5 seconds

Elite 2: 1 SP every 4 seconds

SWO-X Stage 2+: 1 SP every 3 seconds

If Ch'en's SWO-X Module is upgraded to Stage 3, Scolding restores 1 additional SP to Ch'en herself.





Modifiers[edit]

Recovery[edit]

Modifiers marked by an asterisk (*) in the table below are mutually exclusive with the strongest taking precedence over the others.

With the DEC-X Module, the automatic SP recovery rate of Decel Binder Supporters is increased by 0.2/sec. if there are enemies inside their attack range.

With the GEE-X Module, the automatic SP recovery rate of Geek Specialists is increased by 0.25/sec. so long as their HP is above 80%.

Certain Collectibles in I.S., notably Dreaming Essence, increases the automatic SP recovery rate of friendly units.








Operator

Source

Information















Tactical Readjustment

Increases Corroserum's automatic SP recovery rate after he does not attack for 4 seconds.

Elite 1: 0.2/sec.

Elite 2: 0.45/sec.

BLA-X Stage 2: 0.6/sec.

BLA-X Stage 3: 0.65/sec.

Potential 5: +0.05/sec.















Resilience

Increases Eunectes' automatic SP recovery rate while she is blocking enemies.

Elite 2: 0.2/sec.

HES-X Stage 2: 0.4/sec.

HES-X Stage 3: 0.55/sec.















Private Messenger*

(Only effective in Episode 10 operations) Increases the automatic SP recovery rate of friendly units within Heidi's range (including herself) by 0.5/sec.















Skill Aura - Caster*

Increases the automatic SP recovery rate of Casters (including Mostima herself) while Mostima is deployed.

Elite 1: 0.2/sec.

Elite 2: 0.4/sec.

SCP-X Stage 2: 0.5/sec. Mostima gain instead 0.7/sec.

SCP-X Stage 3: 0.6/sec. Mostima gain instead 0.9/sec.















Lone Soldier

If Passenger's CHA-X Operator Module is upgraded, Lone Soldier also increases Passenger's automatic SP recovery rate.

Stage 2: 0.15/sec.

Stage 3: 0.25/sec.















Portable Energy Source

Increases Pinecone's automatic SP recovery rate for 60 seconds after she is deployed.

Elite 1: 0.2/sec.

Elite 2: 0.45/sec.

Potential 5: +0.05/sec.















Skill Aura*



Increases the automatic SP recovery rate of friendly units (including Ptilopsis herself) while Ptilopsis is deployed.

Elite 1: 0.15/sec.

Elite 2: 0.3/sec.

If Ptilopsis' RIN-X Operator Module is upgraded, the effect of Skill Aura is increased on friendly units within her healing range.

Stage 2: 0.33/sec.

Stage 3: 0.35/sec.















Code of Law

If Shining's PHY-X Module is upgraded, Code of Law also increases Shining's automatic SP recovery rate if she is using  Creed Field.

Stage 2: 0.45/sec.

Stage 3: 0.6/sec.















Circling Wind(ART-X Stage 2+)

Increases Shirayuki's automatic SP recovery rate for 10 seconds after she defeats an enemy.

Stage 2: 0.2/sec.

Stage 3: 0.3/sec.















Ægir's Depths*

If Specter the Unchained's PUM-Y Module is upgraded, Ægir's Depths also increases the automatic SP recovery rate of Abyssal Hunters Operators (including the Unchained herself).

Stage 2: 0.3/sec.

Stage 3: 0.5/sec.















Skill Aura - Supporter*

Increases the automatic SP recovery rate of Supporters (including Suzuran herself) while Suzuran is deployed.

Elite 1: 0.2/sec.

Elite 2: 0.4/sec.















Hunter's Wisdom



Elite 1: 0.15/sec.

Elite 2: 0.3/sec.

MAR-X Stage 2: 0.35/sec.

MAR-X Stage 3: 0.4/sec.















Candlelight's Shadow

Gains SP recovery rate Tenacity

Elite 0: +0.5/sec. (reaches maximum bonus when losing 50% HP)

Elite 0: +1/sec. (reaches maximum bonus when losing 60% HP)

Elite 0: +2/sec. (reaches maximum bonus when losing 70% HP)

SBL-X Stage 2: +2.2/sec. (reaches maximum bonus when losing 60% HP)

SBL-X Stage 3: +2.3/sec. (reaches maximum bonus when losing 70% HP)





Initial SP[edit]








Operator

Source

Information















Military Tradition

Increases the initial SP of Vanguards' skills (including Bagpipe herself) by 6 (+2 Pot. 5) while Bagpipe is in the squad.















Honor of Siracusa

Increases the initial SP of Siracusa operators' skills (including Lappland the Decadenza herself) by 5 (+1 Pot. 5) while Lappland the Decadenza is in the squad.





SP lockout[edit]

SP lockout is a colloquial term which refers to a period where a unit cannot recover/restore SP. Units with an offensive/defensive SP recovery skill can still recover SP, but cannot restore SP during an SP lockout.

Units enter SP lockout when:


Their Manual skill is charged but not activated, indicated by a full, green SP meter. This is also the case for skills that can be Overcharged once it enters said state.

Their Auto skill is charged but not activated due to there being no valid targets within range, indicated by an orange SP meter.

The skill is active, indicated by a depleting orange SP meter. This is also the case for skills with unlimited duration; skills with instant effects, such as Power Strike skills, are considered to be active for a brief period, as can be seen by the meter that turns orange and depletes very quickly.

Because of this, Hung and Saria cannot restore their own SP with  Medical Mode Countermeasure and Refreshment, respectively.

Their skill is Passive, in which case the SP meter is absent.

Silence's  Medical Drone and Shamare's  Cursed Doll are charged but the respective summon is not deployed, indicated by a transparent SP meter.

The usage limit of the skill is reached, also indicated by a transparent SP meter.

Only few Operators who can ignore SP lockout, notably Siege with her Crushing (especially noticeable when she defeats an enemy with  Aerial Hammer) and those with instant effect skills that can store multiple charges (e.g. Ifrit w/  Pyroclasm).

In most cases, units cannot be forced out of SP lockout without the player's intervention or when enemies entered their range. For example:


W will not deploy a Front Toward Enemy if there are no open, deployable tiles within her range.

Leonhardt's  Deconstruct and Detonate cannot be activated if there are no enemies within his range.

Trivia[edit]

The only enemies who visibly makes use of SP are the Sui-Xiang (for Its Omnidirectional Breath, whose meter actually represents the ability's SP) and Ishar'mla, Heart of Corruption (whose transformation is actually governed by SP which can be clearly seen whenever the timer is shortened). Most enemies' active abilities are also governed by SP in a similar way to other units.

Navigation


View or edit this template
Arknights mechanics




Gameplay









Aggression

Dodge

Deployment Point

Environmental effect

Life Point

Resist

Skill Point

Shift



Operation




Active Originium Storm

Beacon

Blood Ledger

Crystal

Favor

Frigid

Gravity (Planetary Debris)

High Tide

Hui and Ming

Intrusive Call

Londinium Secondary Defense Artillery

Moonlight

Originium Pollution

Poison Haze

Realigned Flux

Sandstorm

Snowfall

Steam

Variation

Toxic Pollution

Visibility



Attribute









HP

ATK

DEF

RES

Attack interval



Operator




Block

Cost

Redeployment time



Enemy




Elemental RES (E-RES)

Effect Resistance (ERST)

Movement speed

Weight



Damage




Physical

Arts

True

Elemental



Operator









Base skill

Continuously Attack

EXP

Fever

Potential

Promotion

Talent

Trust

Weakness Damage



Skill




Ammunition

Chanting

Equipment Alteration

Mana

Move

Overcharge

Overload



Enemy






Races




Apparition

Arts Creation

Collapsal

Drone

Infected Creature

Machina

Originium Creation

Possessed

Sarkaz

Sea Monster

Wild Beast



Movement




Pathing

Collision



Properties




Low-Altitude Hovering

Refraction



Special




Accuracy

Ammunition

Corruption

Dominion

Energy

Identity

Imprisonment

Inspire

Reborn Creation

Straight Shot

Waregeist



Buff




Barrier

Camouflage

Damage Reduction

Inspiration

Invisible

Sanctuary

Shield

Status Resistance

Take Off

Tenacity

Vigor



Debuff




Bind

Critically Wounded

Disarm

Enfeeble

Fragile

Levitate

Silence

Sleep

Slow

Steal

Weightless



Negative Status




Burning Breath

Cold

Fear

Freeze

Lure

Paralysis

Stun



Elemental Injury




Burn

Corrosion

Necrosis

Nervous Impairment



RIIC




Attacking Team

Causality & Karma

Chain of Thought

Defending Team

Dreamland

Felvine

Intelligence Reserve

Knight

Measure

Memory Fragments

Monster Hunter Party

Monster Meal

Operation Platform

Passion

Perception Information

Pure Gold Production Line

Soundless Resonance

Ursus Specialty Beverage

Witchcraft Crystal

Worldly Plight



Advanced


Unit flags






Retrieved from "https://arknights.wiki.gg/wiki/Skill_Point?oldid=754532"
					

Category: 
Terminology
Hidden category: 
Pages with navboxes
				
			
			
        


        


        

        


        

            Report bad advertisement
        


		
		
        



	



	

Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.
More informationOK




	
	
 This page was last edited on 9 August 2026, at 18:11.
	

Pages that were created prior to September 2023 are adapted from the Arknights Fandom wiki.Page content is under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 License unless otherwise noted.


	
	
Terms of Service
	
Privacy policy
	
Support Wiki
	
Send a ticket to wiki.gg
	
Status page
	
Manage cookie settings


	
	

	

	










