



Damage - Arknights Terra Wiki


































	

		

			
				
			
		
			
			    
			    Indie game deals
			
	

	
		

		    
		    
		            
Create account
		            
Log in
		    
		    
		

		

			
			Toggle personal tools menu

			

				

				    
				    
				            
Not logged in
				            
Talk
				            
Contributions
				            
Create account
				            
Log in
				    
				    
				
			
		










	

		
Navigation menu
		

			

				


	

		Namespaces
	
	

		
		
			
			
Page
Discussion
		
		
	


				


	
	
		English
	
	

		
		
			
			
		
		
	


			
			

				


	

		Views
	
	

		
		
			
			
Read
Edit
View history
		
		
	


				


	
	
		More
	
	

		
		
			
			
		
		
	


				


	

		

			

				
					

						

							

								
							
						
					
						Search
					
					
				
			
		
	


			
		
		


	

		
	
	


	

		Navigation
	
	

		
		
			
			
Main page
Recent changes
Random page
About the wiki
Help about MediaWiki
Wiki Discord
		
		
	


	


	

		Arknights
	
	

		
		
			
			
Operators
Operations
Enemies
Events
Items
RIIC
Headhunting
Recruitment
		
		
	




	

		Game modes
	
	

		
		
			
			
Contingency Contract
Integrated Strategies
Stationary Security Service
Trials for Navigator
Reclamation Algorithm
Icebreaker Games
Vector Breakthrough
Duel Channel
		
		
	




	

		Miscellaneous
	
	

		
		
			
			
Outfits
Furniture
Character voices
Illustrators
Soundtracks
		
		
	




	

		Guides
	
	

		
		
			
			
User interface
Team building
Advanced strategies
Missions
Path to Glory
Store
Headhunting
Recruitment
		
		
	




	

		Lore
	
	

		
		
			
			
Terra
Characters
Factions
Races
Originium
Stories
Timeline
Terra Historicus
		
		
	




	

		Real-world
	
	

		
		
			
			
Hypergryph
Yostar
Ambience Synesthesia
		
		
	




	

		Community
	
	

		
		
			
			
Administrators
Policies and guidelines
		
		
	




	

		Tools
	
	

		
		
			
			
What links here
Related changes
New page
Special pages
Printable version
Page information
Database data
		
		
	


	


	
	

		
        



		

			
				
				


[dismiss]



The Arknights Terra Wiki is a collaborative, community-maintained wiki. If you notice an issue, please consider making an edit, starting a discussion on the article's talk page, or reaching out via the Arknights Terra Wiki Discord.

				

				
				
Damage
				

					
From Arknights Terra Wiki
					

					

					
					

					Jump to navigation
					Jump to search
					


This article explains the mechanics of damage calculation in Arknights.




Contents


1 Overview


1.1 Types

1.2 Nature

1.3 Sources

1.4 Lethal



2 Tips

3 Visible Damage

4 References

5 Navigation




Overview[edit]

All damage is calculated to the exact value, including decimals. When damage is displayed in-game (see Trivia) or in a menu, the value is rounded to the closest integer (e.g. 99.9 is shown as 100 and 99.4 is shown as 99).

In order to calculate DMG properly, there first needs to be an ATK calculation created by using the following formula:

Atk = [FLOOR(Atkbase × Atkstage) × (1 + Atk+%)] + Atkex
Atkfinal = FLOOR[Atk × ∏(1 - Atk-%)]

Where:


Atk represents the final ATK.

Atkbase represents the original ATK before any skill, talent, buff, or debuff takes effect.

Atkstage represents the ATK percentage increase caused by stage modifiers such as a Contingency Contract's risk levels, Challenge Mode conditions in regular stages, etc.

Atk+% represents the sum of all ATK buffs (including Vigor), stacking additively.

Atkex represents the sum of all ATK increased/decreased by Inspiration and/or Steal.

Atkfinal represents the total amount of ATK after all buff/debuff calculations, before ATK multiplier from skills and/or talents take effect.

Atk-% represents ATK decreased by Debuff effects, which stack multiplicatively.

FLOOR represents the action of rounding down the value to the greatest integer with less value than the current value.

∏, also known as product, represents an action of multiplying all values together.

To make a DMG calculation, each of DMG type (Physical, Arts, True, and Elemental) uses their own separate formula and have their own separate interaction with the target's defensive stats (DEF, RES, and E-RES). Regardless of the type, the final amount of damage dealt will always be at least 5% of the attacker's ATK before independent percentage-based modifiers are factored in.


Types[edit]

Physical damage

Arts damage

True damage

Elemental damage

Technically HP recovery or healing is considered a damage type, but is not listed here due to its simplicity. It is worth noting however, that the healing "damage type" encompasses any form of HP restoration which shows the value as green numbers above the unit, such as those of Medics, and cannot be "inflicted" on targets with full HP.


Nature[edit]

Damage is also divided by nature.




Nature

Information



Normal

The basic nature of damage, which also applies to damage dealt by skills that modify the properties of normal attacks.



Splash

Damage that can affect targets other than the primary/main target.
Examples: Artilleryman Snipers, Splash Casters



Continuous

Also known as damage-over-time (DOT), damage that is periodically inflicted through a continuous effect.
Examples: Blue Poison's Neurotoxin, Thorns' Nerve Corrosion


Note that the exact nature of damage dealt may not be intuitive, and testing may be required to identify the actual nature; for example the second and third hit of Pozëmka's Précis is treated as continuous damage in the game's code, and is thus affected by Tin Man's Shriveled Soul talent.[1]


Sources[edit]

Damage is also divided by the source that inflicted it.




Source

Information



Additional

All damage added to the unit's normal attacks. The additional damage is usually inflicted before the attack hits.
Examples: Ceobe's Thresher, Mech-Accord Caster's Drone



Skill

All damage dealt through the unit's skills, including its associated effects. This also includes effects provided by a unit that can be inflicted by others.
Examples: Archetto's Pursuing Arrows, Sesa's Delayed Concussive Parts



Independent

All damage that is not tied to the unit which inflicts them, thus units defeated through independent damage will not be considered defeated by the source.
Examples: Blue Poison's Neurotoxin, Ethan's Fancy Maneuvers, W's D12



Lethal

See the Lethal section for more information.



Environmental

See Environmental effect for more information.


Lethal[edit]

Lethal or fatal damage is defined as any damage that exceeds the target's current HP, or in other words, overkill that would reduce the target's HP to 0 and keep going. Lethal damage will trigger certain effects depending on the calculation, which will be explained below; for instance, a Dreadnought Guards' DRE-Y Operator Module will reduce the fatal damage they receive to 0 and fully restores their HP once per deployment.

Physical and True damage dealt will count as fatal if the value is equal to or greater than the target's current HP, while Arts and Elemental damage will only count as fatal if the value is greater than the target's current HP. Therefore, it is theoretically possible for a unit to survive with 0 HP when they take Arts or Elemental damage exactly equal to their current HP.

The following are possible lethal damage calculations:




Calculation

Information



OnTakeDamage

If incoming damage exceeds current HP, even if non-lethal, the damage becomes lethal.
Example: Horn's Bloodbath



DoApplyModifier

If incoming damage is non-lethal, it will leave the target with at least 1 HP, otherwise the damage becomes lethal.
Example: Hemopoetic Inhibition



SetHpInternal

If the difference between the incoming damage and the target's current HP is 0 or lower, the damage becomes non-lethal and will never reduce the target's HP to below 1.
Examples: Surtr's Remnant Ash, Silence the Paradigmatic's Dreadnought Protocol


Tips[edit]

As a general rule, enemies with high DEF usually have low RES and vice-versa, but certain elite enemies and most bosses have identical levels of DEF and RES. Against such enemies, the following should be used:


Sources of True damage and ways to ignore DEF/RES.

Extremely high Arts damage (at least 1000 in a single hit). For instance, when an Operator with 500 ATK hits enemies with an A rating on their DEF and RES (~800 and ~50, respectively), the enemy will take only ~25 physical damage but takes ~250 Arts damage (10 times the physical damage they would have taken).

Conversely, if the Operator deals high enough physical damage, for example 1200, the enemy would take 400 physical damage, making it more effective than Arts at extremely high levels. However, such Operators are few and far in between, leaving Arts damage as the most reliable option.

In general, physical damage has a higher damage ceiling, while Arts damage has a higher damage floor.

DEF and/or RES debuffs.

Damage amplification (only if the initial hit dealt a non-negligible amount of damage).

Elemental damage (not to be confused with Elemental Injury) are able to bypass an enemy's defensive stats and damage reduction when dealing damage during Elemental Burst using each operator's specific conditioning.

Visible Damage[edit]

If the final damage (after factoring in skill, talents, and other effects) dealt by an attack is at least 50% higher than the original damage (i.e. if only visible ATK and DEF/RES were used for the calculation), the damage dealt will be displayed as a red (blue if the damage dealt is absorbed by Barrier) number above the target, similar to "critical attacks" in other games. This includes but is not limited to the following scenarios:

On-hit ATK multipliers.

Damage amplification, such as Fragile.

Abilities that increase the 5% minimum damage threshold (like Projekt Red's Chill or Aciddrop's Slideshot Style).

Attacks that ignore a certain amount of DEF or RES on hit.

Attacks dealing Weakness Damage which changed their original damage type.

Attacks that hit an invulnerable target (such as an attack fired at a target that was put to Sleep before it hit) will appear as dealing 0 damage.

The displayed damage number is subject to rounding (e.g. 99.5 damage will be display as 100, and 99.4 damage will be display as 99), but only visually. The damage inflicted to the target will still use the raw value and is not subject to rounding.

The critical damage indicator is capped at 10 digits (i.e. 9,999,999,999), although this normally cannot be achieved in gameplay.

If the damage exceeds 7 digits, the damage number will be split into two rows with up to 5 digits each. Prior to an unspecified update, one way to see this was by using "Civilight Eterna" to increase the damage of Logos's  Perish (which executes enemies below the threshold by dealing 9,999,999 True damage to them) by 150%, dealing a visible 24,999,998 damage that is split into two rows (24999 and 998).

References[edit]





↑ Tin Man + Nymph combo (Unexpected things buffed by Tin Man’s DoT talent), 0:50



Navigation


View or edit this template
Arknights mechanics




Gameplay









Aggression

Dodge

Deployment Point

Environmental effect

Life Point

Resist

Skill Point

Shift



Operation




Active Originium Storm

Beacon

Blood Ledger

Crystal

Favor

Frigid

Gravity (Planetary Debris)

High Tide

Hui and Ming

Intrusive Call

Londinium Secondary Defense Artillery

Moonlight

Originium Pollution

Poison Haze

Realigned Flux

Sandstorm

Snowfall

Steam

Variation

Toxic Pollution

Visibility



Attribute









HP

ATK

DEF

RES

Attack interval



Operator




Block

Cost

Redeployment time



Enemy




Elemental RES (E-RES)

Effect Resistance (ERST)

Movement speed

Weight



Damage




Physical

Arts

True

Elemental



Operator









Base skill

Continuously Attack

EXP

Fever

Potential

Promotion

Talent

Trust

Weakness Damage



Skill




Ammunition

Chanting

Equipment Alteration

Mana

Move

Overcharge

Overload



Enemy






Races




Apparition

Arts Creation

Collapsal

Drone

Infected Creature

Machina

Originium Creation

Possessed

Sarkaz

Sea Monster

Wild Beast



Movement




Pathing

Collision



Properties




Low-Altitude Hovering

Refraction



Special




Accuracy

Ammunition

Corruption

Dominion

Energy

Identity

Imprisonment

Inspire

Reborn Creation

Straight Shot

Waregeist



Buff




Barrier

Camouflage

Damage Reduction

Inspiration

Invisible

Sanctuary

Shield

Status Resistance

Take Off

Tenacity

Vigor



Debuff




Bind

Critically Wounded

Disarm

Enfeeble

Fragile

Levitate

Silence

Sleep

Slow

Steal

Weightless



Negative Status




Burning Breath

Cold

Fear

Freeze

Lure

Paralysis

Stun



Elemental Injury




Burn

Corrosion

Necrosis

Nervous Impairment



RIIC




Attacking Team

Causality & Karma

Chain of Thought

Defending Team

Dreamland

Felvine

Intelligence Reserve

Knight

Measure

Memory Fragments

Monster Hunter Party

Monster Meal

Operation Platform

Passion

Perception Information

Pure Gold Production Line

Soundless Resonance

Ursus Specialty Beverage

Witchcraft Crystal

Worldly Plight



Advanced


Unit flags






Retrieved from "https://arknights.wiki.gg/wiki/Damage?oldid=759599"
					

Category: 
Mechanics
Hidden category: 
Pages with navboxes
				
			
			
        


        


        

        


        

            Report bad advertisement
        


		
		
        



	



	

Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.
More informationOK




	
	
 This page was last edited on 10 September 2026, at 20:15.
	

Pages that were created prior to September 2023 are adapted from the Arknights Fandom wiki.Page content is under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 License unless otherwise noted.


	
	
Terms of Service
	
Privacy policy
	
Support Wiki
	
Send a ticket to wiki.gg
	
Status page
	
Manage cookie settings


	
	

	

	










